URL | Description
-----------------
https://blog.avast.com/a-closer-look-at-the-locky-ransomware | High Level writeup of Locky
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/threat-analysis/2016/04/petya-ransomware/ | High level report on Petya
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/threat-analysis/2016/03/teslacrypt-spam-campaign-unpaid-issue/ | High level report on TeslaCrypt
https://securelist.com/wannacry-ransomware-used-in-widespread-attacks-all-over-the-world/78351/ | WannaCry
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/jigsaw-ransomware-decrypted-will-delete-your-files-until-you-pay-the-ransom/ | JIGSAW
https://securelist.com/the-return-of-mamba-ransomware/79403/ | Mamba
https://www.kaspersky.com/blog/satana-ransomware/12558/ | Satana
https://blog.checkpoint.com/2017/05/11/jaff-new-ransomware-town-widely-spread-infamous-necurs-botnet/ | Jaff distribution
https://blog.checkpoint.com/2017/06/08/jaff-ransomware/ | Jaff
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/aes-ni-ransomware-dev-claims-hes-using-shadow-brokers-exploits/ | AES-NI
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/threat-analysis/2017/03/spora-ransomware/ | Spora
https://researchcenter.paloaltonetworks.com/2016/07/unit42-powerware-ransomware-spoofing-locky-malware-family/ | PowerWare (Powershell ransomware)
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/new-cryptxxx-changes-name-to-microsoft-decryptor/ | CryptXXX
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/threat-analysis/2016/03/maktub-locker-beautiful-and-dangerous/ | Maktub
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/cybercrime/2018/05/samsam-ransomware-need-know/ | SamSam
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/ransom32-is-the-first-ransomware-written-in-javascript/ | Ransom32
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/threat-analysis/2016/05/7ev3n-ransomware/ | 7ev3n report
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/threat-analysis/2015/12/inside-chimera-ransomware-the-first-doxingware-in-wild/ | Chimera report
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/koler-android-ransomware-targets-the-us-with-fake-pornhub-apps/ | Koler report
https://blog.checkpoint.com/2015/11/04/offline-ransomware-encrypts-your-data-without-cc-communication/ | Offline report
https://bartblaze.blogspot.nl/2016/02/vipasana-ransomware-new-ransom-on-block.html | Vipasana
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/new-radamant-ransomware-kit-adds-rdm-extension-to-encrypted-files/ | Radamant
https://www.kaspersky.com/about/press-releases/2017_petrwrap-criminals-steal-ransomware-code-from-their-peers | PetrWrap report
https://securelist.com/the-return-of-mamba-ransomware/79403/ | Mamba report
https://blog.trendmicro.com/trendlabs-security-intelligence/jigsaw-ransomware-plays-games-victims/ | JIGSAW Ransomware
https://digitalguardian.com/blog/history-ransomware-attacks-biggest-and-worst-ransomware-attacks-all-time | Timeline of major malware
